gh-112192: Increase the trace module coverage precision to one decimal (#126972)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-11-18-23-18-27.gh-issue-112192.DRdRgP.rst

> Increase the cov% in module :mod:`trace` to one decimal place.

Reviewer: I think the NEWS entry needs some work. How can you more clearly express the change for the user?

Author: Look this. WDYT?
```
The :mod:`trace` module code coverage percentages with one decimal place (e.g. 20% -> 20.1%).
```
or
```
Increase the cov% in module :mod:`trace` to one decimal place (e.g. 20% -> 20.1%).
```

Reviewer: How about this?

```suggestion
In the :mod:`trace` module, increase the coverage precision to one decimal.
```

Author: Looks like a strong sense of paragraphing. I'll modify it to your version.

Edit

But I want to add `(cov%)` so that users will have a clearer understanding of the goal. Like this
```
In the :mod:`trace` module, increase the coverage precision(cov%) to one decimal.
```

Reviewer: Fair enough, but I'd use double quotes for `cov%`:

```suggestion
In the :mod:`trace` module, increase the coverage precision (``cov%``) to one decimal.
```
